# F1-GP-Winner-Prediction
Predicting the winner of Formula 1 Grand
Prix races is a challenging task due to the
dynamic and complex nature of motorsport
events. This study leverages lap time data
obtained from OpenF1.org to predict the
outcomes of the 2024 Las Vegas and Abu
Dhabi Grand Prix races. A Long Short-Term
Memory (LSTM) network enhanced with an
attention mechanism is employed to model the
temporal dependencies and highlight critical
patterns in the data. The dataset includes
comprehensive lap time records from all
qualifying sessions, sprint qualifying, and
sprint races for the 2023 and 2024 seasons.
The model is implemented using Keras and
demonstrates promising performance in
capturing the intricacies of race dynamics.
These predictions provide valuable insights
into the potential winners of Formula 1 races,
showcasing the efficacy of combining LSTM
and attention mechanisms in time-series
prediction tasks.
